so there's a lot of opportunities for
more then this side is blank I put that
same basil type of card or flower there
so my bling is sliding so there's a big
open space there and then here's another
gate fold with some ribbon which I love
I think this is called eyelet is it sort
of an organ d with satin edges with a
loop and then there's some of leaves
please open up and then just put some
more flowers on the backside partially
to try to cover the holes um each one of
these the front how the extra-large
eyelets and then all the pages inside
have the smaller eyelets just for you
know durability and then this page
there's this beautiful Martha Stewart
ribbon I wish I'd gotten some more it's
kind of a it's double face but it's got
two different coordinated colors of
green ones more of a golden and once
more of a moss green so anyways um and I
ink the edges and stamping it says
treasurer memories sorry I bumped you
and then this is the back side and they
start coordinating and this is the last
date there's a little bit of ribbon
share of it at the top and then it opens
up and these areas we've a lot of
opportunity for photos and journaling so
that's the album and I hope you like it
dawn marie and i enjoyed making it and i
definitely want to make a second one for
myself to put all the thanksgiving
photos on fall photos that we have
gotten over this past time so anyways
thanks for watching everybody I do hope
you all had a wonderful thanksgiving and
I will be posting again when I have
either my album done or the next one I'm
working on so thanks everybody for
watching see you later bye hey guys it's
Karen again I'm such a dork I had
forgotten to attach the charms when I
had shown of the video before that I had
put on the book for donna marie for
trade when scrappers from november so
here's a quick addendum to the earlier
video so on the Left binding there's
this long dangle charm and it's got a
sort of peach colored flower beads and
then this kind of a dark greenish pearl
and then this fall leaf which looks like
the scallops on the right side I've got
this quarter charm and it's got two gems
on it once this kind of olive green and
once this really bright red and then the
metal charm itself says family then on
the bow that's holding the album
together I made a hat pin and there's a
pearl top and there's a red bead and
then an amber color bead and then
there's this leaf charm that's a brown
glass or an amber glass that's got some
gold highlights on it and normally I
have to say these happens scare me
because usually they don't have that
little point on them like hat pins do or
they don't have this little stopper on
them and so my solution after I started
making these because I love them is to 1
i'm affixing it to a book i end up using
a piece of adhesive cork like a little
tiny square and putting that back behind
let's see the flower or i use as odd a
really thick glue dot and then i just
fixed it where I want the tip to go and
then I just bury the tip of the pin in
there I hope that's making sense but my
solution for this because this bow is
going to be pulled open so Donna Marie
would need to be able to pull this out
and then apply it somewhere
to I've made this little stopper and all
this is is you know when you get these
making memory Brad's they come on this
really thick piece of foam it's really
pretty dense and I've voice been trying
to figure out what to do with these
things and so I've been using them for
you know making a big square for the tip
of my point piercing tool but anyway so
it seems you a good solution for this so
I just cut a really thin piece off and
then just a little tiny edge here with a
really light I just used a new exacto
blade it makes a big difference and then
just put that little little square a
little cube on the end so that's easily
able to be pulled off but it's not
poking out so that was one a little
summary that you like this I had fun
making it and enjoy doing this swap with
you alright thanks everybody for
watching see you later bye